Hey everybody. It's Jimmy with bright insight today,
I'm gonna talk to you about the great Finks and how,
what we were taught in school and what they are still teaching in school today
is inaccurate. Basically, they say that the Finks is 4,500 years old. However,
significant evidence determined by more than 200 professional geologists from
around the world have determined that the encasing of the Finks,
the bedrock limestone has significant evidence of water erosion.
Well, why is this important? Well,
the last time that the Nile Delta had significant rainfall was approximately
9,000 years ago. And as you can see here from these photos, yes,
there is evidence of one erosion on the Finks wind. Andand erosion.
This we can see, however,
the enclosure of the Finks itself has absolute definitive evidence of water
and rain, erosion. And guys, the evidence is here for you to see,
and you can make your own judgements yourself.
Well, you might be asking why,
if there is evidence that it's far older than what we're being told,
why would it be, uh, why would someone say otherwise, well,
that's a whole other video in itself,
and there is so much evidence and information out there about this subject that
I'm gonna hold off on it. And I wanna just show you in this video,
clear evidence that you can see with your own eyes, that this,
that there is significant water erosion.
So if there's significant water erosion, when could that have happened? Well,
the Nile Delta area has not got more than an inch of rainfall for thousands of
years.
And that there's evidence that the last time that area had significant rainfall
was literally more than 9,000 years ago.
And some sources say even more than that, wake up people that's more than twice.
As old as the swings is being told,
taught in rule date in public and at the university level.
Look at these photos. Look,
I can break it down where you see water erosion and where you see wind erosion.
Look at the comparison here where you can see as it's outlined, and by the way,
thank you for the, I source these photos of Google images. I'm using them for,
you know, education purposes here.
So thank you to everybody who has done the research.
What I'm doing here today is I'm synthesizing and putting together the
information for people to see,
because the information unfolding about the history of human civilization is
far more complicated than what we were taught in school and what is being taught
today. And when you control the past, you control the present and the future.
And that is why they is important. But take a look at these photos here.
You can see clear evidence where I've compared side by side,
wind versus water erosion. Look at these photos,
limestone water erosion, wind erosion.
Here's another picture of more wind erosion.
Now here's a picture of limestone water erosion and compare it next to this
gentleman, uh, that is standing inside with the enclosure of the spanks.
Now look at the next photo.
Two pictures of water erosion and limestone water erosion. There it is.
When you piece it.
Together, guys, it's fair to say that it's a twofold answer that yes,
there is some wind erosion and there is rain erosion. However,
if there's rain erosion, as you can clearly see here, and as, as like I said,
200 professional geologists from around the world have stated,
then you have to ask,
start asking yourself some questions like how old is this FIS? Well, guys,
there is significant evidence that human civilization is far older than what
we were ever taught and maybe potentially by tens of thousands of years.
Well guys, I'm Jimmy, this is bright insight. I'm making more videos.
I'm a new channel and there's far more videos to come like and subscribe.
If you like what I have to say and help me spread the message. Be blessed. All.